Your Highness, you actually used the lottery in one thing
Earned so much silver 20,000
Human greed is normal
Your Highness, how much silver is this?
Thousands of cars, Your Highness
50 million vehicles in Maoshan and all over the world
I earned it so quickly
Concubine admire
Such a happy day for the concubine
Are you rewarding me with something?
Your Highness, what reward do you want?
The concubine can teach you a martial arts, of course
Child, the world must let you hurry over
Uh Yunlong
Qin Zhan and Sun Gongzi are both there
Not what is not good take me there
Fathers and ministers heard that the prince was extravagant
So that the treasury is empty
now
Even my father's drug procurement is a problem
The son is worried
The first time I thought of many ways for my father
The third prince has a heart
The underwear gap is 30 million taels
Do you have a way
30 million taels
The son can't solve it.
But
The son-in-law immediately found Uncle Yong King Qin Zhan
He received money from various wealthy businesspeople
Borrow 5 million two silver
Temporarily used for turnover